 Alright, so another issue is that every entry is getting saved as an individual JSON folder. So I need to do the database management right now. The issues are I'm going to be changing what kind of data gets stored, mainly expanding because some of them have only been storing the text in the date but I might do like text date and metadata. So I need a way to store and I think it'd be nice to store locally for now but I want to go from just saving a JSON maybe to some, I just want to stick with JSON for now. So instead of saving each individual thing to a JSON it might be easier to make one big JSON. So your prompt now is to... Actually, I don't know, I don't want to do that yet but I'm just going to save this for now.

 Hey my name is Black Galwalk, kind of like the mathematician.

 Say what you're saying? I want to use this then to go and talk to like, well this is still zero zero. So it's not recording. It's recording. Yeah, so I'm going to talk to say Mrs. Amunds and just talk about her life and then talk to, you know, to Jan Connor, as long as need be. And then that way, I don't have to take notes. It can just then right away transcribe these things. And that's the thing is, and this is not Eric talking, those miles talking, the thing is that technology has existed for a long time. You've always been able to do speech. But the thing is, it's really annoying because the issue isn't that we now turn it to Texas, but now you have a huge block of text. What are you going to do with that, right? It's just easier to save the audio at that point. It's where people start sending audio message. But the reason why I'm turning it into text is because I never journal. Journalist text. And the wonderful thing about text is you can search it. You can put it into GPD. And so now what I'm going to do is get all of my audio turning to text so I can do a bunch of cool stuff with it. For example, I'm going to say, the first thing I want to do by another day is today is, every day when I wake up, like I said, I want to be able to speak to my phone, hit that, and then boom, it gives me a to-do list. And you know what? I think Apple is going to make this on the next day going to beat me to it. But you know what? I don't care because I don't want Apple's version. I want my version. And it's going to give me a to-do list. All this different stuff, I want to make my own journal. This is me putting the binding on my own journal, my own perfect journal. And so I'm really going to make it for me more than anyone. And I'm even going to do a bunch of stuff that, oh, me, I will be able to do. And this scary thing is, I'm now realizing, oh my God, the new iPhones are going to have all of this next year. But you know what? That's not a bad sign. That's a sign that I'm the future. But yeah, so what it's going to, the real secret sauce, this is already useful to me because it's saved it to my computer. I don't have to use any one else's devices. But the real secret sauce to me will be able to do a bunch of analysis on all my entries. And they'll give me useful information out of my gibberish. That's on the doob. Yeah, cool.

 Quick update. My mind is buzzing. And I'm already using this app to document my ideas. I'm going to definitely have a shitty time. Doing the data management, but a shitty time means I did time because this is valuable data, which I don't want to delete and I want to store. So I'm going to treat it nicely. I really don't know what I should do next, which means I should probably build the tool that tells me what to do next. So hopefully I would have done that by the end of the day, but I'm going to take a break. Yeah, the app journal guy out.

 Hello, I finally got it working on my iPhone. This is so cool. I had to use this thing called OpenSSL in order to do that because when I first opened it up to my home network apparently if you just use HTTP it doesn't allow you to access the microphone but I did some open SSL stuff. I'm asking ChagyBT how to do all this and I know it just worked. Now I'm trying out doing the recording from my iPhone and uploading everything. Let's see if everything breaks or if this message will save.

 Hello, I wish I could die someday and the day would be sooner rather than later. Amen.

 So, I'm now recording on Melissa's laptop in order to see if that works. Man, I'm geeking out. I'm just recording on everything. Melissa's like with the hell this boy doing. They don't see the vision yet. I just sent a message to Ricardo and Daniel. I'm pretty sure they're not gonna see what the fucking point is, but, you know, I think this shit is cool as hell. I'm just recording my voice on everything.

 cool so there's a tag you can now put on the entry honestly don't know what to work on next this is pretty good I'm pretty one now I have other stuff going on in life like technically I have to petition to be reinstated at Caltech but you know that's life we're figuring it out

 Well, what I do is I speak out my sermon and I hit the dictate button. There's a dictate button on my thing laptop and it transcribes my sort what I'm saying but what I use it for is to check the way I am pronouncing words because that way sometimes like I just said GPD so that way I'm aware that I need to say GPD you know that kind of thing so it helps me to recognize the words that I say in a way that might transcribe the subtitles come out funny but you've been different models this is now Eric speaking I really got a designer thing that notes itself make it so it can distinguish multiple people talking but I want different models are able to find that so in the future they'll be able to know exactly what you're saying regardless the problem is a lot of the models are just trained on people that don't speak like you but you could actually train the model exactly for you and so I don't the thing that I realize is having it from my use cases having exact transcription for example Miss Amman's I don't think it spoke the name correct but then again that's because that's a specific name if you think about how a model is trained trained on a bunch of general information yeah how the hell would it know how who amends is right and so what I'm gonna the switch I'm gonna do that as I'm gonna make a thing which is gonna be able to detect characters are people and then it's gonna ask you are these people please fill in their names correctly and then it's gonna even allow you to say who they are in your contacts so then like I was telling my friend what I really want to be able to do is have a personal assistant which is keeping track of my life for me but this is exactly what Apple Intelligence is gonna do which is I'm so mad because which is so great because people like us this is not Eric's mother talking it's gonna be so good because like let's say when we're talking with with um with Andy about Sophie and saying the problem is going to be how does Sophie gets managed Sophie's day-to-day life because Sophie does not know when to go to the doctors when to go to the dentist when to get their car and I'm like oh my gosh I am Sophie but anyhow so but this is going to be that manager yeah and I want to have that and it's gonna take a second but like I said I've learned that building this Eric talking sorry building tools has come down to doing piece by piece yeah so like I had to do piece by piece of this I said okay let me start with a page with a button now let me make the button do something now let me make another button which is something now what I want to do is I just want to start with a to-do list I want to speak to my phone it's a very simple prop speak to my phone about how my day to go and it's gonna give me the to-do list because guess what I hate making the to-do list but I love talking about what I want to do in my day it's just that's not a list okay I want to but not

 Hello, my name is Melissa. I'm really cute and I'm really beautiful and I love to be with Eric all the time

 Okay, so the main thing that's kind of odd right now is I need a kind of a naming convention because it's really annoying to type in the name of the note every time. So I mean be great if I could just speak and then you'd automatically name it. But this is now where the really interesting stuff goes. How to display the information in my journal that makes the most sense to me. The other interesting component is I do a lot of mathematics and I'm going to be able to need to maybe even include equations and things like that. So I think there should be a separate upload additional text file, you know, because I mean I think I'm happy uploading text. I mean latex and then you know maybe a little whiteboard area that let me scribble something in to include in my note and then it turns that into latex. That would be cool. So that's what I'm working on now.

 Notice there's a general thing as I'm watching a chat GPT turn my spoken word into code, you know, in the way that you know, Abercadabra, you know, I speak and then it comes into existence. I'm thinking that does have to be a place where I do write code myself so I can learn things. I really want to learn JavaScript just because I feel like that's the language of frontend experience and I'm going to need to know that in order to, you know, make the apps I want. So somewhere in there, I'm going to ask chat GPT. I'm going to choose a page that I want to design and I'm going to use that page as a chance to learn JavaScript. And yeah, so I'm going to use that as a chance to learn JavaScript. But I need to figure out a page to learn that. I mean, the annoying thing is about learning coding languages. It's like, I don't care about logic and blah, blah, blah. That's shit you can learn. You pick up along the way. I just want to know how to turn my problems and my solutions into that language. I think I could do that Python, but that's kind of like a pseudo code thing. So just kind of my thoughts on AR right now is I'm building, I'm creating. And I am learning something, but I'm not learning how to code. That's for sure. At least not in the details. But I'm learning how to build apps, I would say.

 So I just uploaded to the last app journal to GPT. It's telling me stuff like use SQLite for local storage. That's an option. You know, eventually I'm going to want this to probably be stored here for now. I want to scale up later. I want things to be sort of like modular. So I'll be able to plug in a different database later. It's making some good suggestions about metadata to tag entries like mood, things like that. But I don't know how I need to get some good tags and features to assign mood analysis. I don't know something like that, but better user-in-a-face. Yeah, I can go down the line. While I'm the only one using it, I need to worry about that as much. Offline and LP options, that's a great idea. I want to look into lightweight ones for that. But honestly, GPT is probably going to be the best option. It's not incredibly expensive. And it's just way more quality than the offline options I'm assuming. But I really want to think about this recommendation algorithm type thing, where I have a bunch of entries. And I want to be able to find the most relevant ones. I want to do some kind of like machine learning on my individual journal entries. Just so I can practice machine learning boss looks on to make you like a smart journal to use that terminology. I guess I'm just really stuck on... Okay, let's go back to basics. I told myself by the end of the day, I'm going to have a thing right. The app to my phone, it'll give me a daily to do list. So let's build that. Here's what I want you to help you with. I want to speak into the app journal. I want to have an option where I can tag that as a daily to do. And then that's going to be sent to open AI's API to turn into a to do list. Then I'm going to have to do some processing of the prompt to turn that to do list into like a checklist that I can interact with on the app. But right now, let's just start simply. I want to add a feature on the record audio.html page, which I'll refresh your memory on what that is. That allows me instead of putting in the title, I can just tag it as to do or as miscellaneous. And if it's miscellaneous, it'll just save the entries as the date. And I want the date saved as month day time. And I want that to be the title of the entry in the entries that HTML.

 I'm also realizing it'd be easier if I could like tag the user. So at the homepage or whenever you access the record page, I want them to put in a name like as soon as you open web page and I don't know or like an account. So you should have a name and a password and I'll save all that information locally for now since everyone who uses this is someone I don't know and I will say don't use a password for anything else. So yeah I just want to be able to tag who's uploading stuff and keep track of that.

 Next on the agenda is to kind of deal with the data storage a little bit better. I've got all of these entries and I'm only saving the dates. I want to know a few questions. How can I search through all of the entries for different keywords? I want to be able to upload or tag them at least in some kind of smart way. Can I do recommendation systems on my own journal entries? Also, for every entry, I want to make a TLDR. So like a one sentence summary maybe with some keywords that get saved in the entry. I want to use OpenABI, OpenA app for that or if there's some offline options, let's look in that too. Just like keyword extraction that should be able to do offline. I also want to make a summary for entries by the day. So like after I finish all my entries for the day, make that into one big journal entry. I want to take the entries. I want to glue them into a journal. I want to have a journal database. And we should do that. I don't know how to do that. These are all ideas that I don't really know how to do the details for. But that's what this product is for. You're going to help me figure that out. That's your prompt. Here's all my stuff. Turn this into a to-do list for next steps.

 Currently, skewering recording my iPhone in order to tell Ricardo that I'm making my own little journal which I'm gonna be able to just yapping to my phone It's gonna transcribe it. It's all happening locally on my computer Yes, I just doxed myself with this fucking IP address. I'll probably cut it off but I want to be able to then do a bunch of data analysis on my yapping and I think it's gonna be goat, but check this out

 Wow, so kind of a cool consequence of this is I'm actually documenting my progress by using this little thing I made, the app journal. Everything's being sent to my computer and it's happening locally, which is kind of interesting, but you know, I want to make a dedicated thing for that. I mean, I'm happy using it on my home network. I imagine if I'm out of the house, I want something that sends it off to my home network or in the cloud as I think, but holy shit, I'm actually using a journal. The second component of this will do all the processing on these entries, but now that I can save entries, I'm pretty much good to go. Pat on the back for me.

 I'm currently showing mom how my journaling works, which is I talk to my phone, say a bunch of yaya yaya, maybe more specific because the devil's in the details, but I basically spent that past two or three hours, whatever, making this. And what it does is I speak to my phone, computer, whatever you go, but pull up on your computer. It listens to what I'm saying. I'll hit stop recording, and I'll upload the recording, it'll go to my computer. It'll turn that audio into text, and then save that text, and that'll be my journal entry. And then you need to go buy some food. You need to also go exercise. Yeah, but I need to, what I'll do, what I'm going to do afterwards is I'll have all of my entries, and I'll be able to do all of my data analysis on it. Yeah, but I haven't built a thing that's able to tell if you could go talking, but we'll do it later. But this is a note that that was mom telling me about buying food.

 So I just updated the page. I'm testing using the default name and tag years to do. I don't really know what that's going to do, but let's see.

 Alright, so there was an issue with the new tagging system for tagging entries. I'm just doing a test to try that now.

 Alright, yeah, PGPT, I need help. I'm saving each entry as an individual JSON in a folder, so I'm going to have like a folder with a billion JSONs. What's the way to fix this? Because I'm scared that if I put everything in one big JSON, I might actually delete it one day or something, or there may be an issue where I might need to put an entries with new tags that weren't in previous entries, like new metadata, and it's not going to let me or the file system is going to be broken or something, you know, like, so, you know, how can I fix this?

 So, there's just so many different things to possibly work on and it's not clear which one will give the most value. I mean, even if I do make the to-do app, for the to-do function, it probably won't even help you that much. Because, I mean, what am I going to be confined to if I can to-do? I want to reorient myself into really understanding what is a journal and why do I keep wanting to have one even though I don't have it. I mean, that's the things understand. And what is my end goal? Is my end goal to just become more productive? Is my end like what is it? I mean, I do want to be able to make more, but I don't want to make useless crap. And I think I have a built-in filter in my brain that doesn't just want to like feature overload because the issue is like the Apple journal app or all of these crap, they got so many features. And I just want to make something that's simple, does what I want. And I'm not going to lie, this does that already. So...

 This is a note to a self that I should probably allow users or myself, I'm the user, to enter in a custom tag because miscellaneous is kind of not descriptive enough and app dev is nice and then I'm gonna have to be able to freaking yeah I definitely got to build the database thing that's gonna be the best because I'm gonna want to search through that ad it's gonna be easiest if I implement this into a database that's searchable and all that stuff so I mean as much as it to do stuff makes sense I think the most return on investment will be the boring thing of figuring out how to migrate all these JSONs into a database start managing a database of my thoughts and I think I'm just gonna populate them for like a week or so and then see what's possible just be creative with it but I think thinking in terms of me add a new feature I mean add a new feature it's probably not the best idea I want to keep it simple and then I think I can start thinking about the user experience of my experience because I mean I can get all the buttons it makes sense to me but I should probably just give it to my mom watch how she uses it or someone else the other issue is like you know everything stored on a same computer I mean that might be helpful but that way I mean I should probably tag the user or make it so you have to log in and then you only see your entries I think that's something to consider but really just the database thing I should probably look through the code start to understand what the hell GPT wrote so I can explain each component at a high level so I want to make a diagram that basically explains all of that visual information I don't know how well GPT does but you know if you can represent that visual information is text they can all do well so I want to look at you no graphical representations of our text representations of flow diagrams and stuff really I don't understand what the journals for

 I think another thing I got to do is allow the user to upload their own text or audio files that will be transcribed and added to the app journal. It's like I'll do that too.

 So, the thing I'm thinking about now is the issue of when you make something and I think there's so many apps out there ready, not even just with respect to what I want to do but just in general. There's probably so many, like whatever thing in your life that you want to speed up, you could probably spend some time learning an app that would solve that problem, whether it's a database or a thing that keeps track of appointment, so whatever. But my issue is I don't want to spend time learning someone's app because I realize when it comes to making my life better. Imagine I learn someone else's way of doing things. Okay, I learned it's helping my life and actually now that I've learned it so well, it makes my life easier than it is. Okay, what happens if that person can't make their app better anymore because they've moved on to other things? I'm left in the dark. So now you need to rely on supporting that person to continue making your thing. Let's not even talk about apps. Let's talk about clothing store or something. Let's say I have someone or what something you use every day, if not a... I don't know, let's say the water bottles. You rely on someone to give you a water bottle and it's the best water ever. No, I don't even know what the alternative is. But let's do this. So I'm saying the thing that I'm trying to do is I don't want to learn anyone's else's brain. And there's so many journaling apps out there that have all the features and what they seem to do is they say, here's something that is so amazing that if you know how to use it, you can make anything you want. And I'm like, wow, that's so cool. But I'm like, why would I do that? Because to me, there's levels of ability. So people who want to learn an app, to me are people who... It's easier to learn that app than to make it yourself because an app is built using code and code is built using logic. And if you can't understand code and you can't understand logic, you should spend your time learning the thing that the code makes. So let's say there's like a really good journaling app. Go learn all of the intricacies of the journaling app and then that way you don't have to learn how to code because all of the logic and that if I want every time I want an entry, I want it to be sent here and then I want those entries to be emailed out in my newsletter. You can find apps that do all that without you having to write a single line of code. The issue is for me, I feel like I can code. I feel like I can do math, I feel like I can do logic. So why not just get into the things myself because at the end of the day, if something isn't the way I want, I want to be able to tweak it. And so the problem is, I've gotten to the point where this thing, the problem it's supposed to solve is so specific to me that I need to make it from scratch because I want every little letter that's in the thing to be the way I want it. I want it has to be a custom mode of my brain. Now why am I saying that? I'm saying that to say my initial thought was like, oh, let me build this to do thing. But then I'm like, why am I thinking in terms of feature first? Let me make a feature. I should be thinking in terms of like, I've just made this very basic thing. I've actually not invented anything new. I've just glued a bunch of things that exist in a way that it's mine. And that's how I'm using it. So I'm talking to my phone and I'm uploading. And then it's saving all my entries. And to me, that's the coolest thing in the world because I've already solved my initial problem of, I'm not recording my thoughts. I've already started recording all my thoughts and they're in this perfect place. So now my thing is, I've solved that problem. I've solved the recording thoughts problem. Boom. I solved my problem way too quickly. And then I'm beginning to realize that wasn't that problem. There was millions of solutions to it. There was Apple telling me to use their notes at Google telling me to use Google docs, obsidian, pen and paper, people telling me, selling me journals. There's millions, but the thing that was throwing me off is that a journal is supposed to be personal. You're not supposed to rent a cubicle journal space. You're not supposed to go and do your journal and someone else's plot of land. So it's forced me to have a personal attachment to the thing I've made because I speak. It does the transcription. It's not probably whatever. And it gets sent to my computer, which is stored on my computer. And I want to do something where I'm going to build a little device that it gets stored on that little device. Then that device, the open device is just the store on my thoughts. Because what I'm, how's really thinking? Let me put it down for you. I'll put it down for you. Let me...

 So as you just saw, I think I'm beginning to see something quite amazing because there's the issue I saw of and especially when I talk to Melissa, this becomes obvious. There's so many YouTube videos books about how to start doing something and you can get in the place where you read how to start doing something for like 500 hours. In order to build the thing you wanted to start doing, it could have been a hundred hours. You've spent 500 hours studying zero hours doing so now you haven't done it right? And what I'm realizing is I'm thinking to do that. Imagine all the cool things I could do. But really the way you learn how to make something is you build it and I'm using it. Now I'm using them saying, oh look I've produced so many general entries and I have to scroll through to find the one I want. Man it just be better if I had a way to just like pull up the thing and I want it. But now this is where the real benefit of making myself is. Imagine I'm using Apple's app. When you use someone else's app, you're like, man, I wish there was a way that this could happen. Then you have to like if you're really really dedicated, you email the people and say, hey can you do this? But then they have to make an app that is good enough for like a millions of people. So they might say, hey your brain works stupidly. We're not going to add that in. Or they might say, yeah, you can already do that. But if you do these other 15 steps, you'll be it's like, man, but now with me, I'm like, man, I wish this was the case. All I have to do is go up to my computer, write a few lines of code and it solves the problem. And I think I'm beginning to realize that's how you make something useful. Yeah. You I'm I think I'm seeing why they say make it a problem that is in your life. Because now I'm solving the problem. And I'm like, oh, this is great. I've already solved the problem. And then I'm just like, oh, wait, there's another problem. Let me solve that problem. Instead of thinking, what would it what thing would need to exist in order for this to be useful? And I'm in the position where I can actually build my journal because I'm now wanting to really think what is a journal and why even though I've not been able to keep that habit, I feel journals before, especially mathematics, my ideas so easy. Why is it even though this thing which I find so fruitful to do? Because I know years, I'll be so happy I kept a journal because it's it's important to get a track of, to me, a journal is like your your data about what was going on in your brain. And that gets to the essence of what what is a journal and why am I wanting to build one? Because I need to know what's in my head. But look, I've reduced all of the crap of journaling to something that actually works for me.

 Yeah, so I think when I'm I'm it's it's with any time I'm not using this product and everything about a product that is for me is you have to be me to use this well but then also don't forget it's interesting to find there people who you know how we meet people and go that's exactly how my brain was but that's the thing I would be surprised how suddenly it's like yeah that's it you know how I've been doing all of this talking about you know how do I how do I not think about money this type of thing makes you not think about money at all because I'm what you're gonna pay yourself I'm trying to make my journal but the thing is the reason I'm making this is to make my life better one and that I was on the couch reason I was talking to myself is I was thinking okay again is a journal really to make me more productive is it that's never why I had a journal the reason why I had a journal was just it became a nice place to think out loud and like you said then you can know what's going on in some and those ideas you can use later yes a lot of what I've been doing and also to I find when I when I journal I almost like begin excavating things which are in there that I didn't realize I'm in there so that's one way of because I keep on thinking well if I'm so creative in many ways not against something pops up and I'm like oh wow that's an amazing thought I'm convinced there's more in there so general becomes a way to to find those things yeah isn't I'm making me realize is it to do I need to yeah keep thinking about that way of identifying speakers at least they don't have to be a unique idea but just distinguish people on the the room because I'm thinking what my whole thinking about journals is you don't know what's useful one thing I did that has been useful to me is every time I do a coding project I didn't use to save them I'll just do the coding solve the problem and get a new computer lose all the code and then I'll never use the code because I never the problem again but I started putting my code on call think called GitHub which means it's a place to save your code and do all this different stuff and a lot of the project that I'm doing now I've gone back and used my other stuff that I've done before like a year ago two years ago to help me on this and to me that's the point of recording stuff because you don't know what might be useful later because you know suppose I'm having a conversation with someone and they start telling me an idea and I'm like wait I think I've had this idea before let me go yeah look on you know or the another thing is one day I want to write a book it would be the easiest way to write a book yeah I'm gonna have imagine I use this for every day for the next year this is my 2025 journal I'm gonna be there talking to my data and then I have another problem be like hmm sometimes I might not be at home so I need a way to talk to my journal when I'm away boom but I let's say how many characters did I generate or words that generate in that speech let's say let's do a calculation okay one minute if I talk pretty slowly that's like one word per second I think I talked way more than one word per second let's say a hundred words per minute so I talked with 10 words this a thousand words so I think I'd probably talk to my thing for like an hour a day I call it 10,000 words 10,000 words 10,000 words let's say to every day for a month that's 300,000 words I'm saying the point is editing for a million words you want to edit and get a hundred right that's what a really good book is but the thing that I was hated with writing in school was I would do the entire thing all at once I would sit there try and generate a million words choose the one that I thought was worthwhile and then write on the page think for another 10 minutes right the next way and I'd be there for like 10 hours and I have two paragraphs I was supposed to have three four pages but the editing process is supposed to be vomit cut vomit cut vomit cut vomit cut and it's so easy for me to vomit out but for other people like Melissa can't do that but I'm like I already have this ability to just like how am I able to just talk talk talk talk talk talk talk so the only problem is I can talk talk talk talk talk but I can't write right right right right I would hear about great writers what could great writers do right yeah all day long well great readers look the great readers do read I can't read I can't write and I can't read and you expect me to use a journal hell no so to me what I'm really making is for people who grew up in an oral tradition or a context where conversation was the main medium how they exchanged knowledge and do ideas I want a journal for that place I don't want a journal for the written language place yeah you know there's this guy from Michigan who gave her dad on your grandpa a laptop my dad and he was Gary and Gary got worked so hard to make sure that this laptop the microphone was dad's voice could could really decipher dad's voice and so supposed to be writing his book and to speak and it turned out that these ones in had not calculated into that factor your grandpa requires an audience like you know you were saying you could lie there on the couch and just talk talk but your grandpa could not do that he had to have an audience it couldn't just like sit there and talk I think to me the audience helps me in focusing what I'm saying because when I talk to myself I'll go down a tangent yeah when I talk to someone else it's nice to know did that make sense no okay let me explain did that make sense no okay I mean I know that I don't care about this being a product because I was really thinking about no okay petition that everything in life so annoying but what is it that really brings me joy in life to be able to go to bed one of the things is to be able to go to bed and say you know I progressed on something I played the piano a little bit I wasn't that good but I played which means tomorrow be better because progress is really in the baby steps and yeah you'll have days where you suddenly realize how far you've come but it's really a slog everything is a slog everything is but you really have to be doing and that's the reason I got this piano because I realized I can think all I want about putting piano but if I spend 10 minutes 30 minutes a day playing around in a month I'll be way better than I ever was in my whole life my whole life and the reason okay the gym I should be going to the reason I'm not going to gym is because there's so many I think I was at a place at the gym where I feel like I could get back wherever I wherever I was at I could get back in a month or two it's like the gym I didn't really have any goal that I feel like I needed to I was losing out on you know because my main thing is I just need to not lose weight don't need to go to the gym to let lose weight no I just need to make sure I eat to me is harder and then the gym helps because you get hungry but still do you think I want I want you to talk with you because you are going to help me generate more text now let me see if this works

 Do you remember how I buy those raspberry pies? You know, raspberry, it was like those little green boards. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I need to go find them because I would buy them to learn how to use them, but I wouldn't, I would want to have a project, but I didn't have a real project. I finally have a use, which is, I need a little computer, which is dedicated to just doing my journal. Oh, I'm a loose, yeah. So I want to plug it in, put it, like basically glue it to the router, or whatever. And that's going to be my journal. That's going to be where all my, I'm going to plug in a hard drive. And that's just, or a flash drive. My text is so cheap, you can put all text. And I just want to have all of my, I want to have a journal where my thoughts are saved somewhere here. Because I don't want my thoughts to be owned by Google. Yeah, I'll put a copy of my thoughts in Google. But I want, at the end of the day, if Google says, hey, you can't get your thoughts anymore, I want to have a thumb drive. Because I'm thinking, imagine a thumb drive with all of your thoughts. But it's stored in such a way that's easily searchable, right? I'm going to be carrying around a little thumb drive with my thoughts all the time. Because the real, the real, well, to me, the real benefit of, of like carrying your soul with you or something. Exactly. My brain is the computer. My brain is the object that should be taking care of. And I'm thinking even about that, if dad had done something like this, where basically everything he said was ever recorded, you'd be able to understand that's not so well if you had. I think there's a number of words. And I'm, imagine like a book. This would be a thick book, right? For references like maybe three inches, thick book. That book would take a long time to read. That's going to be nothing for the amount of words I'm going to produce after a year, right? And I'm saying that to say in all of those texts, there's going to be a gold mine. And I'm going to have to mine my own thoughts for text. But the problem is when it's, or for gold, when the thoughts are in my brain, I can't run computer code on my brain to pick things out. But if I get my brain onto a piece of paper, which is what journaling is supposed to be, the reason that the thing that pissed me off about a journal is how to use a journal. You have to flip through. And if you're really smart, you'll figure out an organization system and you'll invent a table of conducts. Basically, the best journal in the world, the most easy to use journal for later reference, just turns into a textbook. But the thing is how the healthy right a textbook when you need to have raw thoughts, right? So the problem is I need, I'm basically trying to make my brain searchable. I'm just going to sit there and talk to myself for 30 minutes at a time, about all of my thoughts on the world. And that I think I'll add, I'm going to, in every time I go and call with someone, I'm going to put this there. And I'm going to actually, I was thinking, I need to have a, I'm going to go buy a thing that's a dedicated little microphone. I think if you had all those when you were talking to spite, I was on end. Yeah, I'm going to see on Amazon as a little bit, because I want to have something like the thing is, it's so tempting to make one device that does everything, which is why phones are so nice to me, because I can record, I do everything on the phone itself. But I need to now think of a pocket solution, where I'll have a little microphone that I can charge and I just have it on me all the time. I want to be recording everything, like everything. I want to record every single word I say, until the day I die now, every word needs to be recorded. Oh my gosh, you know, you didn't win me off somebody. This is so crazy. I did not be mushy. I'm saying anything. I'm just saying you're mind me off somebody. Let me ask you about this thing that, correct me. I wish your dad was here. He would be the only one who could laugh with me about. Oh my gosh, first move, we'll find a breakup in LA. No win.

 But the thing is that there's, I hate to be the Barrow band means but there's not a single you talk about your thinking. That's exactly why it's good because the thing that I'm, that's exactly why some people get paralyzed because why do people not write new books? But now let me ask you this, not a single. But I'm not saying don't. No, no, but I want to say this. You go to Barnes & No Books. You pick up a random book. How many are those are new thoughts? No, a lot of times you pick up a book and you go, are you serious? Somebody is selling something new. And but the thing I want to say is you might say one original sentence in your whole life, but that would make your life worth it. That one sentence. But you know how you won't get to that one sentence by thinking. You won't get there by thinking and then saying it. It's by what? By just as you go along me suddenly. Think about how I am going to speak so much into this damn thing. Oh man, I'm so excited to now plug into the computer and and and have did summarize what was I talking about and my thoughts, you know, what do you think of this person? Have my entire. I'm so good to see you falling in love with yourself. I mean, there's nothing better than seeing somebody thinking to myself. I am the most interesting person in the room. I want to hang out with me. I want to listen to my thoughts. I want to figure out more about what's going on in my head. I want to record this so that I can inspect what's going on in my head. Yeah, I mean, know that I sell for whatever. Of course.

 I think this reveals that the most important thing for me is purpose. And purpose to me is it gives answer to everything else. It's, oh you're not working hard enough, you're not motivated. You don't have purpose. If you have purpose, all else will come. I have to, so what I'm doing now is I'm looking through my stuff in the house to find. You know, if I have any Raspberry Pi's lying around because I at one point elected so many of them because I knew I would need them later. Only to not place them in places that were easily accessible to me later. Although I have easy access to a bunch of ESP. Now I'm talking to myself. ESP32's. I mean the benefit of the Raspberry Pi is that I can easily run the Python stuff on there. And I can't do that on the ESP32. Like a Pi's hero would be nice if anything. But I had a Pi Raspberry Pi 4 somewhere. I have no clue where it went. It would honestly be like probably if I can't find it just off of a first three glance. It would honestly be cheaper to buy another one. But you know, I'm going to have to collect a bunch of bits and bombs I find around the house. And like, you know, things that seem useful flash drive, storage, all that stuff with the hopes of getting it. But really what I want is a place to not like host everything on my computer. I mean, while it's convenient for now, I kind of just want like a local database of sorts, like local home server storage thing. And you know, I thought Raspberry Pi would be perfect for that, but I have no clue where mine is. Rich, at least sucks. But I'm sure I can find it. And if I can't find it, I'm sure I can acquire one somehow. Yeah. But that's what I'm looking for.

 So I found with I think is an orange pie. That's gonna be a pain that's to get working. I know I got working once before but I mean I don't know. I'm not the most enthusiastic about that setup because I don't know. Raspberry Pi just be easiest to do with support in community. I don't want my whole fucking livelihood saved on the orange pie. But it would be cool to get working and play around with it if I could. Have all these phones like now. I think for now I can just have my computer plugged into maybe a hard drive that saved stuff in. For now I'm in the next big thing is I'm not always going to be home. And I need to be able to record my phone might be dead. So I need to think of a dedicated device that's always ready to record me. Easy to charge, easy to plug in places, lots of storage, all that stuff. I mean I could probably build my own. But that's the next order of businesses. Look up a cheap recording device. Buy one of those so I can be manually uploading those, tagging them, all of that stuff.

 Wow, so this is pretty cool. I've used chatGPT to help me make this website. I won't hide it. And what it does is I can click audio recording and you know give it a title. It'll record what I'm saying. Then it'll transcribe it and I can view those entries later. I should save the date and time too. Now what I want to do is begin work on the piece where I'll send that off to the GPT via the Open API, OpenAI API and then use that to turn my recordings into to do lists.

 You know, just as a general thing, I want to say it's really cool to make things, interact with them and see my voice be turned into text and I can click buttons and know that, you know, maybe I didn't write the exact code because of ChatchyBT, but what an idea is in my head to be able to put that into the real world. I think that's the really important part to me and I can learn details if they're necessary. I feel intelligent enough to, but just being able to interact with something I created is absolutely amazing to me and I don't know if this entry will be saved or if I'll delete it or what. I got to figure out a stored solution like where I'm going to store this all, I was thinking it'd be cool to have like a local Raspberry Pi server that'll act as my journal. I can take it around and do all that, but I should probably get into cloud storage at some point.

 Man, this is pretty cool. I mean, I already just want to be yapping into this stuff. The hard part is, you know, I don't want it to get lost. And I've got to figure out the best storage solution. But, I mean, I want to save it in a JSON so that I can do, like, data analysis later. I want to be able to, like, search through things. One feature I was thinking of is, you know, have it detect names or characters. And then I'll ask you, maybe, like, to change those names in case they're transcribed wrong. And then that way you can get, like, a real narrative going on in your life. Because what I really want to make is a journal that is true to life. So I don't really have to be the one in charge of updating my journal. And my journal is already knowing what's going on. You know, it's going to learn me. It's going to be, this is a scary idea, because if it works, you know, there's a lot of privacy concerns. But if it's just for me, this is going to enable me to be really in control of my life. It's basically going to be a super personal assistant. I just got to keep building features. I mean, it feels like it's going to be a crazy, good idea. But it's definitely going to be my baby, which means it's going to be hard to sell to other people. Because it's going to be so tuned to my brain. But that's exactly what I want to make it.

 Test test test

 Testing that the tag system actually works.

 Okay, now the tagging system actually works, I guess.

 So I just updated and migrated the thing to be an SQLite 3. I have no fucking clue at works, but ChatchyBT did it. It's getting saved to that DB file. I mean I'd call that a successful day. I don't know what else to do other than start seeing if the data is easily accessible and maybe saving everything on a hard drive. The tag system is kind of funky, but you know it does the job. I think the hard part is I don't really know how to tag stuff. That's why I'm going to maybe think of a suggested tag system. Who knows? Recommendation algorithms, all that stuff. But I'd call this a successful first day.

 Some updating Melissa my progress. I'm showing her that you can put in a little tag like Yap dev which is just my way of saying Things related to the development of this Yap journal Then you can

 I'm testing this from Melissa's laptop, the Safari browser. The Chrome browser didn't like it, I don't know why, but I think I might have put it in the wrong URL, but I'm just testing it on a different device. Obviously it's on the local Wi-Fi.

 So I'm hitting the Benjamin after a good day's work. I'm thinking, you know, most of the functionalities there, I mean, I might put some like small features in stuff like that. But I think I kind of want to, you know, make the UI a little bit cooler for mobile, but that's going to be a whole fucking chick show, especially because I don't want to break things, which reminds me, I'm going to push the kind of version and get up. Migrated, I just do light three, added some more functions on tagging entries and searching. So I'm going to commit that, push that cool version control, very nice. I'm definitely pushing private information. The other thing I want to figure out is how to be sort of storing all of this on maybe a hard drive or a flash drive or something that database file in a way that kind of is automatic. Like, I want my computer to check, is this certain, you know, storage device plugged in, hopefully there's an way to identify that, plug it in. If it's stored, update the file. I can do that manually in the meantime, it's not a big deal. I just want backup, so my thoughts, because they're so fucking valuable to me. So yeah, let's stay on.

 Listen, I'm talking about I told her I want to fix the UI. She said I should put yeah fall over the page Just cute. I'm more thinking about like I want the buttons like his buttons really the way But these are questions actually start playing around with Should people be using a press and hold feature on their phones or do you just might have this? I don't think it's recording. Oh, it is recording and then my mom thought it wasn't because she's on zero zero She doesn't even know why that I think you should hold down yeah, peer I like yeah, I also wanted because it'll only be recording whole conversation Oh, so you like so and I leave out the like a voicemail thing Hmm, that's really good to you. I feel like you should try you can't like a button says yeah, peer and then What the the pause thing and then the play button thing? Well, I'm gonna do isn't gonna make an account system So I can have an account you can have account you could do me a favor by trying to use it And then telling me how it was hard to use and then that'll be a review In can help with design Yeah, but we gotta have a discussion about that because you're gonna run a time I'll let you know my death philosophies Because it's not aesthetically Would a functionality over everything absolutely so if the aesthetic makes it hard to use Yeah, no, that's stupid. I'm thinking like I like The click button and true right now the benefit of having everything in a bunch of buttons is it's easy to like change stuff If I do some crazy advanced test features stuff, I'll like give me more things that I could break That is true, which is why I'm saying it might be Because at the end of the day, it is really for me So if it doesn't work for me Then I failed so I'm gonna start by making it great for me and then making it adjusting it for other people but like Right now The thing that I think is in the way of this is in order to make a yeah, I've made so many buttons Now I gotta click the tag and every single time I click the app tag. I should just be able to like Hit the button should be one button. Oh, oh you want to be one button. I just want it to be like you should be able to go As quick as possible to Yeah, that's what I thought okay Right, I know I know we said we discussed this later, but No, you could just go to now. I'm just saying I know I'm just saying what's on my mind obviously I doubt this to come to fruition But just just a little bit So be like How she's pencil so it's like yeah here Or you click it then it turns into And that's to stop them and then it turns into okay, you cannot upload button or Record again or something like keep going Hmm are like I know start keep starting or I don't know if they want to make it one entry Yeah, that's good for them because you it should be like it's a sequence. Yeah, you write that you can't really Hit stop unless you hit start and you can't hit upload unless you hit you know say sorry That's true With the you To the UI UI And the user the hard part is I know nothing about coding except for their job was script So I'm gonna do that. I want to start simple so it doesn't get too alarming like right now I'm not using the screen space well on desktop But then again, I mean like nice you why it's so hard to do this shit because I like it because I can use it I know I test for and I was like test for this shit is so ass You see I have a little mouth as has talking Yeah Yeah, I'm gonna again this need be an extra It's my imagination running for you I got this will again coming to first and the reason I was like not like this great is cuz I'm like how the fuck was I make that? I'll put yeah I'm just fake again. I'm big extra I wish I could like know how to code that Me too me too Go do me a week What's going to take me a week by days then To let all I code that I love to see it My name I like the challenge Could be stop record I'm better soon we start on and keep the quiet okay this from my own benefit I get you in a rush what you feel so you're gonna see what happened No, it stopped no, it didn't oh it stopped

 I took a little nap and thought of different ideas. One of them was a quest log, you know, like Skyrim, the video game, and I returned the journey to a actual quest log. You know, maybe that would give me more direction. Then I thought of a bunch of different spin-off apps, one of them being to solve this problem about how I'm using all this AI to generate apps, but I can't really explain the apps myself so I'd kind of feed it. All the files in a folder and turn that to like a lesson plan or something. Yeah, so basically it turned my own project into a lesson plan that I have to learn. And I understand the answer to my project. Hey, related to this, I was wondering if there's a way to like, you know, you take all the files and they tell you which ones I connected to watch and related to what that would be useful. Get like a graph. I mean, I want to make so many different things, but I just like a web app where people actually use it. That would be a pretty great thing. Yeah, I think I did my job on this one.

 I mean on the topic of seduce I have a lot of seduce. I gotta do the financial aid stuff. I don't know. I wanna make another work on this app tomorrow and make another app. Just something, some website that people actually navigate to. I saw this cool thing about how this guy was scraping Reddit to do market research on what apps to make. It's one way to do it. But I do like scraping and I like scraping data and it makes me realize I'm harvesting all my thoughts. There's a lot of harvesting of other people's thoughts to be done as well. I know in my last projects I used Chertchipitito. Scrape ideas from Ask Science. There are two folks about making posts about people, like post science posts, like YouTube shorts. But I'm sure I could scrape Reddit on app ideas or problems. But I don't really want to do that. I think Reddit has useful information. That's what the point of Reddit is to answer questions. I do product reviews find the cheapest item. That type of stuff. I don't really use Reddit to find ideas. Because once you're bullshit on there. If I were to just Reddit for Reddit, it would be like to make a top 10 list for cheap products. But yeah, well, when you built, Rome wasn't built in a day, so I should just be happy about my winning today.

 By suddenly it began to have a few thoughts about app development. One of them is thinking sort of what goes into an app because if I want to make these apps kind of every week, every day, I'm going to have to think about that process and one of the things that's really annoying me, one is, well I don't understand really the HTML or CSS, I'm going to make that a to do. And then the other thing I want to know is that it seems like there needs to be some component of data, valuable data, either data that you spent the time to go find or you analyze in a particular way, you can give novel insight to this data. That's really the service that I, a lot of my apps seem to provide is some curation of some special data that you get from good taste or good analysis. And then you know at some point I'll be thinking about a good user experience, but it sees like the key component or just really good data because since I'm not really coding anything, I'm not really adding any new functionality, I'm not making things faster. I'm not inventing any new systems, I'm really just taking existing stuff and throwing it together, which means either you make a novel way to throw old things together or you find a novel way to look at data, but I have yet to have an idea that has to do with actually doing something better. I don't know what to make of that, but it also looks like I don't know a lot of technical knowledge on computer stuff, but I should probably learn that at some point I just don't have a good roadmap because all the roadmap is just making it programming, not actually understanding design and software and stuff.

 So I just woke up. This is the first time I'm trying. I didn't just wake up. I probably woke up maybe like 30 minutes ago. I've just been lying in bed thinking things through. This is the first time I'm kind of using this as a morning device. And I guess the point is I'm just supposed to talk out loud, which is what I'm going to do. I feel a little bit off because I'm really hungry. I didn't really eat that much yesterday. There's enough food downstairs where I could figure something out. But I'm quite picky and all I want to do is work on this app. And I know I have enough in me to work on the app without eating, but I know I should probably eat. I don't know what to do about that. I didn't immediately use this app because I was sleeping with my son. I didn't want to wake her up by talking into my phone. But I moved rooms. I checked my phone. Caltech is apparently going through some crazy high wind and there's fire around. So I'm being told to evacuate. Yesterday I submitted my petition to be reinstated because my math 130 was created a day late. It's my fault. Not theirs. I did pass the class. That's all I'm happy about. Then I got the person who said I have bills to pay and I haven't done my financial aid. So I'm doing no financial aid. So it's unlikely I'll be able to pay all those bills. So those are all stressors on my brain. But they're not what I really want to work on. But there's no saving. There's no angel to come down and help me. But I really don't want to think about those things. I want to do exactly enough of those things so that it doesn't scream you over later. But I want to start my day by working on this. I really don't know what to do next with this app. Because you know kind of related to the things I was saying yesterday. I don't want to be a feature first person. I don't want to just go and be like what's the newest feature I can do. Because I only want features that I will use every single time I hit record. I don't want to make more features that just don't get used but could make my life better. Because there's already apps out there that could make my life better but I don't use them for a reason. I want every single feature to be used. Not just I'm forced to use it but I have to use it. And I don't really know what to do. I mean that would probably be processing of the data. But I mean the next thing is I'm going to have spoken my mind. And I would like the app to tell me what to do next. I haven't really been checking how accurate the transcription is. I hope it's accurate enough that it gets the general idea. I'm also realizing I need to catch whatever large language model I'm using up on the context. And they're good but they're not good enough to generate ideas on their own. I really want to just make sure it's organizing my ideas. I don't want it to contribute its own ideas because in this little capability is possible. I want the general to be me talking to myself. I don't want it to be me talking to a large language model. And I just want to make sure my effort is spent. Well like if I work on front end, I'm going to have to do a lot of learning about front end. That's going to be annoying. Also the code base scares me that I've written so far because I don't know what files are linked to what other files and reflect. It's going to be a pain in the ass for that reason. I'm going to might be a good idea to just go through and to take everything, make a big abstract sketch of what's going on. But I really don't know why but I really want to do something new and cool for this. But I mean it does. It's more about me than the app. It's more than I'm doing things than the fact that the app exists. And this is another key point I want to emphasize. I want to make apps that encourage people to change their behavior, encourage me to change my behavior. And the behavior I'm changing is I didn't use to talk to my phone in the morning. Now I'm doing that. I'm doing that with the potential that it'll be useful to me later. But just storing that data, storing those ideas is hopefully the good thing, the important thing. Maybe I need to be getting feedback if these ideas are useful or what should I be thinking about. I mean I don't know. As far as fun things, you know, I should probably go to a bookstore just for fun. I walk around. It is extremely cold. So I don't know how feasible that'll be. I probably should go make food. I'm probably going to do that next. But that's where I'm at with things.

 Um, yes I didn't go to make food. I'm just doing bad. I miss we have a lack of motivation to get started on anything. Don't know why. I'm not. That's enough. I'm going to go to work.

 One thing I was thinking about last night is I want to start making like little YouTube videos. I want to make a video where I basically rant about how fucking stupid this process is. And I think maybe it'll be cool to start with some shorts. I just want to turn my thoughts into different YouTube shorts. One of those shorts I want to be like, you know, why it sucks to be in this position of trying to make apps and being on-trip the newer and all of that stuff. And I have to think a little bit about why should someone watch that. I mean, the reason why I so much you watch that is because it's fucking relatable and it makes me feel better. So I just want to make a real that's like, you know, I'm been trying to do this and it sucks. But if you're trying to do it too, you know, don't worry about it. I want to make like a community of people build a brand. But I don't know what the background should be for such a video. I mean, I could just talk at the camera, but I don't really have a studio or something. I'd like to do it all. Something would be fun, but then that's a lot of work. But you know, I think it reflects my style and you know, why not? So I'm like, taking, you know, let me just fucking make a video about how shitty this is on a new YouTube channel. I don't know what's like, I don't really know what catch is my attention when I'm scrolling through. I think maybe some like mathematics would be cool because I like math. Math catch is my attention or showing off some cool animation or something. I could just screen myself, screen record myself using someone's cool app animation thing. I think a cool video idea would be like, are you trying to make an app and you don't know where to start me too? If you tried looking up tutorials and everyone tries to sell you a course, me too. Does this process fucking suck? Yes, it does. Yeah, I'm not here to like tell you how to get better anything. I'm just here to say I'm doing it too. It sucks. But you know, you got that. Just keep trying every day. I'm trying my stuff. I'm working on my Apple make a video, hopefully trying to break down all of the small things that I've learned to help people out. Also, you know, my problem with AI and stuff. There's more tools than ever, but you really do have to just think about what problems and all of that. I don't know. I have a pipeline that like makes a YouTube video just based off these thoughts. I think that'd be really great to have real. The only problem is the background content. I don't really know what I should do for that. Like I bet it's vlog probably be the easiest thing. Be yeah. I feel like vlogging is more of like Instagram breals format. Like talking to have a vlogging. I mean Instagram breals is super competitive space in terms of how quality of the reals and the recommendation algorithm. But YouTube is a little bit better at cutting long. You could just be a little bit more. I mean, I don't know. I just want to upload the real and fucking. Yeah. I don't know. I say things I probably storyboards break it down into a problem. Okay, that's enough to motivate me. The eat.

 So I updated the styling looks pretty decent. Yeah, I'm testing out that nothing's broken.

 Yeah, I'm testing out on my computer now. Make sure the buttons work.

 So I just did a bunch of styling stuff. It looks pretty good actually. It's like more usable. The colors definitely aren't exactly there yet, but I also added keyword extraction and summaries for all the entries which is pretty nice. I don't know how much I'm gonna use that feature, but it's available. The next order of business is I've got all of this text and I don't want to go through it myself. It's really annoying to scroll. I want an intelligent thing where I prompt, you know, give me an idea about blah blah blah and it searches through my database and gives me the most relevant. I know most relevant five entries in my journal. It summaries on them on that prompt. So it's like an intelligent search through my journal where I'm not looking just for what words match here, but what ideas are most relevant to this idea. So kind of like a map between ideas would be pretty cool.

 I think one thing to note is I'm using the natural language tool kit to do summaries right now and it's good at grabbing the important sentences but it's not really good at summarizing the ideas. It just sort of condenses the text which I mean there's multiple interpretations of what a summary is. The other thing I'm noticing is the transcription is a little bit off. I mean I can understand it because I just said it but I think if I was far removed I wouldn't know what I was trying to say but I need to do some tests to see if the general ideas are still there. I mean there's some meaning that's lost with punctuation and all that stuff but honestly I'm pretty happy with it right now and I think getting any more improvement would be meaning you know paying a big company's API to do it which I will at some point but for now this does the job pretty well for me and it's totally offline which I'm happy about.

 One thing I just realized is keywords, not not be the thing I'm thinking about. I actually want to maybe have topics. So I want to see if there's an offline option to get topics for each of the entries. And a topic is a word or a thing that wasn't necessarily mentioned in the text, but it is a topic that the text is about.

 So just an update me and GPT have been going back and forth on... well it's really just been doing what I tell it to do but I've added topic extraction with some custom topics that I got by giving all of the text so far to GPT and asking for a custom topic list. I don't know how good it is but we'll see. There's also keyword extraction. I think right now I'm doing all the keyword and all that stuff on command but it would be nice if I pre-computed that beforehand and I can do that maybe later. I updated the styling so it looks a little bit nicer and I think there's more to do with that later. Just something to note. For a recorded audio playback it doesn't actually work on mobile for some reason. Not that that's a really important feature but it's a feature that's there and doesn't work. I mean yeah at some point it's going to be actual data analysis on the text but the user experience is pretty great right now.

 So just an update me and GPT have been going back and forth on... well it's really just been doing what I tell it to do but I've added topic extraction with some custom topics that I got by giving all of the text so far to GPT and asking for a custom topic list. I don't know how good it is but we'll see. There's also keyword extraction. I think right now I'm doing all the keyword and all that stuff on command but it would be nice if I pre-computed that beforehand and I can do that maybe later. I updated the styling so it looks a little bit nicer and I think there's more to do with that later. Just something to note. For a recorded audio playback it doesn't actually work on mobile for some reason. Not that that's a really important feature but it's a feature that's there and doesn't work. I mean yeah at some point it's going to be actual data analysis on the text but the user experience is pretty great right now.

 I just noticed an error that need to handle which is if you record and then upload and then transcribe which you hit the transcribe button twice, two audio files get made and then some annoying thing happens where it can't figure out which one to use so I need to make a thing that you hit the transcribe button once just like don't try transcribing again I'll have to go forget that out I mean this is the hard part about not writing you're on code you said I don't know where this happens or how to fix it but we'll do it.

 Another error I just noticed is you can spam hit the summarize button and you should only be able to compute that once. So in general I want to figure out a workflow that anytime something gets computed if it's computed and displayed don't allow them to compute it again or me otherwise we're just gonna waste resources but yeah that's an error handling to do.

 So I did a bunch of fucking around, everything's fucked up now.

 Okay, I'm testing from my phone because the transcription doesn't work from my computer. Maybe you will see if it works from my phone.

 Okay, I'm testing from my phone because the transcription doesn't work from my computer. Maybe you will see if it works from my phone.

 Yes, so my laptop microphone is broken. I don't know why. I thought it was the program which is really transcription, but it's not. So now I'm trying to manually fix stuff without Chatchy-B-T. It's lucky I got sent.

 Yes, so my laptop microphone is broken. I don't know why. I thought it was the program which is really transcription, but it's not. So now I'm trying to manually fix stuff without Chatchy-B-T. It's lucky I got sent.

 Okay, so there's a formatting issue with the topics. It's giving me a dictionary with the topic and the score But really I just want to display the topics for now Testing that out

 Doing some testing, it's having trouble uploading the files now or the audio file.

 Doing some testing, it's having trouble uploading the files now or the audio file.

 There's a bunch of stupid errors and I don't know why.

 I have no clue what's changed really between before and now. Yeah, I don't... I don't know.

 So we refer to back to a previous change. Let's see what's happening.

 So I think there's something happening with when the file gets deleted, it needs access to it. I'm doing it the wrong time or something.

 Okay, my code is starting to have a bunch of bugs which is good because it gives me something to work on But now let's try this

 Holy shit my human pattern matching ability is so good it holy fuck I'm the goat.

 I'm showing my mom my progress which includes adding a feature where I have my own custom topics. It's been a pain in the butt because things broke and I fixed them, but I want to show you what that's like and I'm talking about the app I was making.

 I'm showing Melissa my little app because I did a good job I think and I want to show her the new features.

 Wow, I just want to take a moment to reflect on that. It was really annoying to do all of that development because things broke and my chat GPT stopped letting me use it because I reached the quota. But then I started doing it by myself and I was able to piece together the puzzle which made me feel really good about myself. Basically, the issue was, I was, help me notice things. I was uploading twice the database once when I uploaded the audio and then twice when I uploaded the transcription. So I fixed that. I also learned a little bit about how the SQL works. But man, just taking a step back, that was intense. That sucked. But I feel really happy with the result. I feel rewarded. I have topics. I have keywords. I have custom topics now. And I have a cute little algorithm for doing that. I had the idea of I should first sort into a bunch of broad topics and then choose the individual sub topics which I did. I also noticed I'm not even doing the pre-processing of the audio. I'm just transcribing the peer audio which I think is probably fine. But holy crap, that was intense and I'm happy with what I have though.

 So what I want to say is that the beauty of this app, the real significant part isn't that it can listen to you and get the audio. The beauty, which is what I've started to work on, is that it's going to be able to give you insights into what you just said. So maybe, you know, I found having a conversation partner is great because they can tell you what the value and what you just said is and give you real-time feedback. To me, that's what my issue with a journal has always been is the journal doesn't give you feedback. It's always just been a place to store things. But I have had a terrible time with storing things. My room, it gets messy, it gets cluttered. Because the more stuff I have, the less obvious it is on what to focus on. So I want a journal that's intelligent in giving me exactly what I should focus on based on what I put in. So, my...

 I'm really cool and really awesome.

 Hello, hello, please work. I'll start it.

 I'll be like so basically I'm explaining to Elsa what the hell this app is I Realized I need to be journaling more and like recording my progress, but I hate writing writing really sucks because you got to like do work But talking is an extra work. So I'm yapping and basically I app by app I app and

 So if you had all of your dots and text you would want to get all of your philosophy insights. So let's say you get all your philosophy, philosophical philosophy dots which are probably great dots. What would you do with them? Let's say you've got another text file that has only your philosophy dots. So you try to make them into something like coherent in a theory or something. I'm not trying to mens my, I'm actually recording on my phone but it can only hear me. So I'm trying to recap what you're saying to the phone. But I was actually thinking about this too because I was like, you know, how hard would it be for me to start a blog where like it takes all of my thoughts. Only the good ones that are useful to other people because I think, you know, hearing other people's thoughts is useful. Is there any way it can capture my thoughts and give the part that's useful to other people out, you know, or maybe I want to write a book one day. I was thinking, hey, if I app for an hour a day collectively, I'll make like 10,000 words because I'm a pro yapper. I'm sure by the end of the year I could write a book of sorts, you know, I don't know what on. But just having all that text, I think my whole idea is there's a lot of work to process those thoughts, those ideas. But what's unique about this data in particular is it's uniquely you, right? And that's why I think the real benefit is having because if you look at your like, I don't know, whatever YouTube has stored for your specific profile in terms of what videos to send you or what Instagram has stored on what, like all of these companies understand us really well, right? They have a total fingerprint for us in our behaviors. And we don't have access to those. And this is me off because I'm thinking, you know how much better I could make my life if all of this data on me was used to like improving me instead of just like freaking trying to get me to use the app more. Like what if all of this info on my watch habits helped me find a math video that I wouldn't click off of or a math book that I'd actually continue to use that would benefit me rather than just how can we sell more stuff? Yeah. Yeah. This is a 10 per cent student source, can I give you a ride to get the data that is Yea. Well, you could probably do so much. I mean, I'm thinking even the fact that you could probably do mood analysis Just by on the apps and I'll be able to track my mood. I'll be able to track, you know Maybe in one of the notes I was like like the perspective I'm taking is I just speak my mind. I'm like I'm hungry So now I'm gonna be able to go back and be like Hopped into my hungry at what time, you know there's stuff that I'll be able to do basically You know every research question every theory you need data to work on Something what about questions about myself? What about questions? Where you know what if I had access what if I had yap journal back in 2019 when you know trying to assess my mental state with all the acid with all that stuff with She will not be named you know I could really go back and try and piece together what the hell was going on in my life or you know Let me say I take mushrooms on there. I get high one day and I'm like able to now understand like myself And I don't feel bad talking about it because you know, it's on my computer. I don't feel like someone's watching me Not that I care that much before but like you know just in the sense of I Want to be able to and I think this gets more valuable or more I use it for the longer periods of times and the different headspace is the different mental states If I use it when I'm tired when I wake up at the end of the day, whatever when I'm with someone else I just want to I think I want to get in the process of Be an extremist of if I can record everything about myself and I want to make an emphasis that Recording should not be extra work for me right like that's why the audio so easy for me Because I just do what I was gonna do anyway, which is yeah and From all of those measurements I'm doing on my own brain How can I improve my life in a way and I feel like I Diverged from the big companies at this point because they've collected all the data They've collected so much data about me and you But now like we're saying they're not trying to improve our lives. They'll say they will to sell more shit but I'm thinking You know even things like can I Understand could this be given to a doctor to help me diagnose how my brain works or some shit, you know I have like a whole bunch of logs and I don't want the doctor to read all of my logs But is there an algorithm where some shit I can make that could be like you know you have these thought patterns You fixate on this you obsessed these are the common things you think about like a psychologist or a therapist You know what am I stressed about I'll be able to know You know even Like writing a petition I can gap about all of the reasons I think I should be in school It's just so easy for me to produce by talking you know and Ideally and even I'm thinking from the business point of view or if not business but creativity really Or even math ideas right like let's say I have a math idea and I describe how I think a sheep is this or even what I don't get about a sheath and I want to Think what's nice about this is I think it'll go as far as my creativity can go in terms of Yeah, it might start as a journal, but then it might turn into You know an entire database of every project I have that's kind of kept tracking a nice way So I'm able to finish more things and communicate more things and write a lot more things Because I think I'm really prolific, but I'm really bad at like Doing that in a way that like schools or jobs or other people that aren't my friends will be able to immediately recognize Plus imagine you go you go

 I... There's no reason at all that I should have gone to Caltech for more than four years. It's gonna be six. Gone all of this mathematics knowledge. Trained my brain to be an excellent problem solver. And I still have to take years to understand like, probability concepts. That's not fair. So, you know, I want to be able to learn better, quicker, faster than anyone else. Integrate that into my exact... Like, I want to know exactly what I should do with each of these skills. Exactly what skills in machine learning I should focus on. Because I don't want to just try and consume the whole textbook, you know. Even with building this app, it was basically heavily AI assisted on the coding part. But when stuff breaks, I know enough to fix it myself. But I think my perspective is, I don't want to hop into the talking. I can't... I can't... Breh, I talked to... Re-shard... Ricardo. And he's like so interested in all the little details. He doesn't actually care about making any product or tool or anything. Now, just try like his own things. He wants to know the algorithms and... Because he's a little autistic. Yeah, but... Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I've actually done a lot of... We're found it today, which is scary. Because I don't know what I want to... I don't know. Like, what do you think... What feature do you think... Or what... What thing do you think I could make that I would use every day going forward? Yeah, I mean, what... What thing do you think I could add to your app journal? We'll make it. I haven't had a need to go back to my entries yet, but I think the main thing that's... I'm not using is... The entries I've done already, like, I'm not using them. I should be incorporating what I've said to... I think all of my thoughts that I've already recorded are probably going to tell me what I should do next, right? Oh, my God, I'm so... I'm a thief. I'm a thief for doing stuff on my cracket. Damn, I have no school, I sleep like 9 hours a day. It's cold outside. You see what's going on in California?

 Elsa said I was acting out of character and I don't disagree.

 So I just talked to Elsa and she said that she recommends that I see a therapist for evaluation of sorts because I was really talking out of character when I was talking about a band-in-a-math and going to sell $500,000 or better bands. And that does sound ludicrous, I admit. And I probably should see a therapist just because it's good to see one of you have anything going on or not. But I do want to say that was an excellent time.

 So I've done a lot of work on the app today and I think I'm happy with what I'm accomplished and I'm probably going to move on to just living the rest of my day now. I got to do laundry, Frank from church just invited me a Melissa for dinner today from 6 to 6.30 pm, which gives me an idea. I need to turn you into a personal assistant so that you can hear dates and times and people and turn that into a calendar for me. That would be great. We're going to do that later though. Next, yeah, I'm basically building my own app-land intelligence here. Next I also need to figure out how to access this from when I'm not on my home network. I don't want to publish this website for the masses to see but I would like to maybe find a way that I can securely access this home network from outside of being on this Wi-Fi or if there's a website that I could make that I don't, I just get access to see the entries and it's like you have to log in, it's not hackable, that would be great. I'll ask Tess for about that. Yeah, I wonder if it makes me think how should one store calendar information and contact information because I'm basically porting my life over from Apple to my own system here. So that's that.

 My mind is buzzing with ideas. I just watched a cool video by a pretty small YouTuber about what's called the personal web. And it raised an interesting point to me, which is that, you know, having a personal website, you should view this as like having an Instagram account or a brand, because that's set, not owned by someone. And this is getting me to the broader topic of I'm experiencing what it's like to have my tooling not owned by a giant corporation and realizing, you know, that time investment to make it myself. Yeah, it's a lot. Other people can't easily maybe access it, but if I build it on the web, it should be easily accessible and it should be custom-built to what I need it to do. And I'm beginning to not think in terms of product mindset, but you know, that being said, there's so much to build, there's so much to create. I really do need a way to sort of organize, because unfortunately doing work happens one dimensionally. And there's so many dimensions to branch out in. I really do need to figure out a task management system or a way to turn these thoughts into task management, which is something I honestly do not have a good solution for yet, but I need to think about it. And I want to learn. I want to learn new stuff. So I need to figure out where can I go to learn.

 Man, there's so many cool things that I want to learn in life. I don't know how to learn them all. I want to learn blender so I can make like 3D art. I want to learn kinda cool videos, like YouTube videos. I want to learn how to play the piano or like mechanically. The keyboard or the guitar as well. I want to know how computers work. Like I want to know how software works. I want to know how to make things secure. I make applications secure. And I don't know how I'm gonna learn all these things. I just gotta start doing them. I want to fill my time with learning all these things. And I want to get better at math. I still want to get better at math. Holy shit, how do I do this all?

 So I just woke up. I'm continuing my habit of recording my voice first thing in the morning. I am trying to speak in a way that the transcription will do a very good job considering upgrading the model. But besides that, I really want to be able to speak quickly and make sure it transcribes everything. Also, I don't speak in a punctuated way and I need to be able to capture all of that period. I had a lot of thoughts about what to work on. I could refactor the code, you know, make it easy to develop. That would include making interfaces for the database in order to separate dependencies and all the parts that all the parts can be developed without worrying too much about what's connected to what. So I think a refactor is in order that makes each part less dependent on each other. But really the key part to do next is to start doing some kind of analysis or processing on the textual data that I've already collected. I think I need to do a really good job of asking what is it I actually want to understand from this data that I collected. What is it that I actually want to know? What's data that I would interact with? Because just as a reminder, the issue is with the journal, I don't read back. I don't look at that content. So what is the way I could process or transform my current textual data and there's something that I'd actually interact with? That's a question I don't really understand yet. I think I really need to sort of have a brain blast sit down and just write in a paper journal possibly get high and write in a paper journal. What is it I really want to understand? This is where it's going to become more like a research project to understand. What is it that I want to get out of my journal? What is the full extent to which I can turn this app as I call it into useful, actionable information, critical information? Perhaps I should not do coding today but I should do more of a pen paper research and take a step back from the technical and think more about bigger picture stuff because I think without direction it's hard to implement this feature because yes I could start playing with artificial intelligence features to summarize and make lists and all this stuff but I really am thinking that this wouldn't exactly be data that I would use. So I want to sort that out. There's a lot of deployment questions to be made but I think I'm in no rush to deploy this app. I am sort of in a rush to start working on other apps and I want to make sure that this helps me with that. I mean another course of action would be to start working on other ideas. I can have another brain best for ideas to work on. But for today I think I don't have any meetings to do other than with my mom and with my list at 8 a.m. apparently. I slept really well. I feel good. I've been getting pretty good sleep actually. We ate with Frank yesterday so I had a nice meal. I feel good. I feel rested. I feel energized and motivated but I do feel a little bit of a need to optimize my schedule for my physical health. I am a little bit stressed about the whole Caltech. An eligibility business I have to do the financial aid stuff still. Need to sit down and do that. Just a lot to be done and I want to figure out the workflow also to help this journal keep track of my tasks and to help me prioritize and spend a little time on the things I don't want to do and as much time on the things I do want to do. I'm making sure that the high urgency things do get completed. Again I want to be learning more stuff. There's a lot of different things to optimize and struggle here. Yeah, that's my update for this morning.

 Just as a reminder note to self, when I refactored the code, the tagging system would tag, provide the tag to save in the database entry in the upload audio part, and it wouldn't actually happen in the transcription part. So when I moved the database uploading to Append during transcription, I tried to make the tagging work and it didn't work. So if I want to get tags back, I have to go back and do that, but really I want to make an automatic tagging system so I'm not too worried about that feature breaking for now, but just a note to self that things are not being tagged.

 I just had a fun idea that I want to note for later maybe my personal website, but the idea is making a program that takes in a math document and it kind of simulates someone typing it on screen. It's like the typewriter effect, but they're writing late text that compiles and you can see it. As if someone's writing a math document, I got this from the Sheeper vacation of GVO. That math doesn't actually make sense. So the idea would be you have some late text document. It does the typewriter effect. You put random strokes. It's sometimes it's wrong, but eventually it'll be right. Compiles and you can see math being written and it gives kind of a human flavor to things.

 Test Test

 Hello hello test test

 Wow, this is great. I solved the tagging problem without using the chat GPT. So basically what was happening was in the upload file things are being sent as like form data and so the tag was being sent as form data when you clicked upload audio. But on the transcription the info is being sent as a J-Song with the file path and all that so I initially tried to just put the form data solution happened on the transcription but that wasn't make it made it so that when I hit the transcribe button I couldn't it actually wouldn't run the route on the flash side. So I asked what happened and it turned out it was because I was trying to both do form data and JSON data on the transcription button and the way to change and I also think it was because I overloaded names so I put tag, I had to, I had tag the output and tag the label for the output so I basically just did normal debugging stuff and fixed it by myself and I'm proud of that.

 Yeah, as I was doing that and fixing that, I put on this playlist called Coding Something on Spotify, Coding Mode, and what's interesting is a lot of those, some of those songs, like the electronic ones I was into, I was like, I could make this. That made me realize, you know, I should maybe take a different approach to music production and make things that I would want to hear and I would play in the background for coding whatever. Yeah, I mean, I think I could definitely do that. I didn't even know that was possible. I thought I'm music is just to get people's attention, not to help people focus. Um, yes, I think I should like approach music sometimes like, what would I do if I wasn't trying to get someone's attention? Like, what if I wanted someone to put me in the background, how would I sound? Um, and I think that's a great, great approach. Um, I was also, I might just feel pretty positive, I hit the Benjamin too. I know it's going to transcribe his Benjamin, but we all know what that really means.

 I figured while I'm at it that I should change the tagging system to include more tags. There was an issue before because on the entries HTML, there's a line that got the tag, the text associated with the tag using if statements to detect each tag, but I realized the tag text was being passed with the tag so I can just do an abstract display this with the value associated the tag so I did that and add the meta observation tag. And I'm trying that out now, but I'm going to actually save this as Yaptab and then do a different one for the meta observation, but that's cool because I solved that problem.

 Okay, we're trying out the meta observation tag to see if it works.

 test test test

 Med observation test.

 Currently testing if the tag display works because now that I'm doing it in general I need to send it a pre-computed list of all the tags I guess.

 Testing tags.

 Oh my god, this is great. I fixed the tagging issue and it was I learned a lot. There's I chased the bug that I thought existed for a little while. The bug I thought it was was that somehow the HTML didn't know what the tags were and I didn't know where I should compute that. Then I made the solution to basically test how the how does the HTML even know what this is when I run the flash group and I thought somehow it was doing some smart checking of the label the variable names. Whole time the real answer was you have to when you render the template you have to pass the data that you want to be in the HTML and I didn't even know that because I didn't really understand what was happening because I didn't write the code. Now I do understand that and it made me realize the fact that I could debug was the important part but knowing your code is very helpful but the way I debugged was basically by reducing data types into simple simple data types so I could find exactly what is the problem. I wanted to know was it a problem with lists was it a problem with HTML and I think this is where the decoupling came in. Basically I used a lot of software tricks and it helped me make cleaner code at the end because the code that I wrote has to reveal to me exactly where the bug that bug was and so I understand by refact by fixing errors you're able to make your code robust to that particular error which ends up making it cleaner as a result.

 I'm testing the audio quality with my AirPods in to see if it transcribes it.

 So, when I'm able to accomplish so far, well, it was a small thing. I'm better talk to them I make practice. Did we get out? I did not. Huh? I did not. I did not know who to play at. No, that's my council grocery shopping with you. Whoever later, but did we? What did was, I just think you know what was good, so I can work with that. Yes. Right. And another. I think this is it. Yeah, it's all in here. I think I realized something that to me, there's certain things that I get to just have like a base of calories. So, I feel my stomach basically. Yeah. And until you said all that, I didn't realize I think what's that. Because I think this might be mine. I cannot eat a lot because I think about things that are feeling more than I think about a bunch of nutritious stuff. Yeah. Because to me, pasta, oatmeal, bread, are the things that will take quite. I don't know if this is what it works, but in my head, those are my stomachs. I'm not asking for food for the cookies and for a while. I think carbs help you have like that long term energy. So, I think I always looked to grab a car. And now that I know I have bread, I can work with that. I think it's toasted bread. And now I'm going to try the brownie. I like it, it's my specialty. So, I can do probably with olive oil and take it around high. And make the breakfast which I can use it. Yeah. But I'll do olive oil, garlic olive oil, corn different. Yeah. And then I can probably make some nice eggs with put on it with some maybe tomato, really. But anyway, what I did is I worked on this is going to be really good. This is going to make me take those sides apart. What I did was there was basically a technical bug. And I wanted to take it into a technical bug was because I don't think it would be that useful to use to know. I wanted to make a technical thing. But the technical bug was... Yeah. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one.

 I don't need time to identify it. Anyway, so there's a bug. And you know, for a lot of this in order to develop very quickly, I've been using ChatGPT as basically a coding assistant. And one thing I was getting a little bit nervous about is that ChatGPT wrote much of the code so far. And the reason I was nervous is a few reasons. One, a kind of imposter syndrome that should not be writing every little bit of thing. And two, a concern that there'll be up once ChatGPT is not able to help anymore. I won't be able to make more of that. But there was also the issue of ChatGPT had written so much code so quickly that now there was so many files that it became hard to understand what was going on. Because I produced a bunch of stuff that I didn't even understand. So I basically wanted to solve an issue today that I had noted for a fixing later. And I got the head. Is it too hot for you? No, no, I thought you had forgotten about it. I'm doing this to just clean the plant. But ChatGPT, I decided to fix my issue without using ChatGPT. Because I decided if I can't fix this issue, then I don't even deserve to use ChatGPT. So I spent some time fixing it but it's a really small part. And I learned a lot from that process. Not just I learned a lot because the bug told me how the program worked. And also I learned a little bit about why fixing your own bugs makes your code better. And I think this reason I'm telling you this is because I think it applies to a lot of stuff in life too. So I had this bug which it didn't break the program but it gave me a feature that I didn't was unexpected. I didn't want. And the way I had written the code, the way I think of code is as instructions to the computer. So the way we were talking about before, that you might instruct someone to do something and they'll go and do something else. Because if I told you go left, go right and go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go right, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go When I ask you guys, you know what, when the quickest way to get the computer to tell me what. And I guess I'm talking to him like there's an analogy here to like when I'm with myra. And I want to get how her brain works, how someone's brain works, how an argument works, how anything works. Yes?

 Yeah, I noticed that, um, recording for too long seems to be a problem, so I need to find a way out there.

 I told him about how I want to own my own data. And I think he began to see, and what I'm saying, the thing I wanted to communicate to him was, it's not about making a company. And it's obviously my fault for using triggering words that I know people have history with. But it was a good reminder to me that it's not about starting a company. It might literally be an out, but I think starting a company means to me. But what it means to someone, as well as it's about, it's not about making a lot of money. That's not my passion, believe it or not. It's not about managing people on any power or influence. I don't really care about that. What it is to me, and the thing about Frank is, as the more I push, I'm saying, no, I'm serious about this. The more I feel like he was like, well, not about the money, but he needed to pay the bills. And then I began to hear Frank, everything holding Frank back from doing something. And when I talked to Daniel, who was like 28, he called me out there, and he said he signed this contract and he's going to get $10,000 in an experimental funding. And that stuff finally seemed like money's going to come in. And he told me, I've done it all just by being more like you, and being more like, no, it's just being myself and trying to be more people, love me. And I mean, this stupid situation, what the thing I want to focus on, the very specific problem thing with Frank was, viewing myself as a 23-year-old person who can barely figure out how to graduate college, doesn't have a job, seems to totally struggle and feeling like I'm existing in the world, and the world is saying doing a good job, because I feel like I don't get rewarded from systems. I get rewarded from people, but institutions, I seem to break them. I seem to not, I was a neighbor, I seem to not know how to do it. I seem to not know how to play by the rules. And for that reason, when I meet people who are older than me, even if by year or two I assume, you know how to be a human better than I do. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And what was happening is with Daniel, stuff I didn't realize that, let's say, I do go and make such a company or something work. Like I'm saying, the people who know me know that the concern isn't, are you going to do it? Or can you do it? Then it might seriously be the case that Crank will be like, how the hell did you do that? I've tried to do that 10 times, and it never worked in fact. But at some point in my life, and I don't know, I don't see cultured this way, because I'm sure a lot of people said, I want to go to this really fancy place, and they didn't. For me, everything is, here's a goal. How do you get there? It's not, this is impossible. Yeah, yeah. I tried this and I get, if I try to learn this piano, I've tried to learn something like piano so many times. And you know what I think? No, I finally get why I wasn't learning it well, and it was because I thought I needed to learn how to play scale and stuff. No, I just need to find a way to touch the keys every day. So I was doing that, and Donkey, I was wanting to down. I went and I figured out that my point is...

 No, but I just didn't want to put nothing plastic on something. But what I'm trying to say is when it comes to seeing something that's really difficult, like the gym and getting stronger, I'm still nowhere near where I want to be, but you have to admit I'm in it for the long run. Yeah, yeah. When it comes to school, graduating time's day. You're telling me starting a business is going to be hard, it will take 60 years. I already know it is like to have thought that something was going to work out the way you thought it was. I thought I'd be in a PhD program by now. A couple years ago. I thought I'd be at Princeton or Harvard, Rubbin Scholders with... And then John Nash is of the world. That's not at all how my life went. And I don't feel regretful or unhappy, I'm rolling with the punches. I'm trying to even do a bigger and better thing. So, I mean, you think any of this stuff is going to be difficult? It's improbable. You think I can hear any of that stuff? I talked to Elsa. Elsa is telling you how she...

 I'm wondering about the California fires and what investment and how money should be moved in order to put money into companies and infrastructures that will be in charge of repairs and what other things will be impacted from the fires in order to be invested in. I used perplexity to do that. I mean, I don't want to do due diligence. I wish I had an idea of how the economy worked and how what businesses in particular are responsible for the fires. I could probably spend a day researching that or making a way to figure that out. It's probably worthwhile.

 I had an idea which is I want to learn JavaScript by making my own online or locally hosted markdown editor. I wonder how hard that is to do. Let's figure it out.

 So I started building the AI information from my journal entries. I'm doing it slowly first because I noticed there is a lot of benefit to having a good to-do list from your notes. Yeah, but it's annoying because of getting the responses to come out the land one as well as I don't know what information to be sending to open AI is their security concerns. I don't know, I'm not thinking about it for now.

 Man, I'm just here. I hit the pendulum and crazy and I started feeling great, but I didn't do any work. And I just so been thinking, it's so annoying because I make such cool things. I should be so rewarded, I should be so happy about all the cool stuff I just did and all I can think about is that it hasn't made me any money. It's so cool. I'm doing shit, I wish I'd be able to know how to do this. This is the type of shit that I begs to be able to do. I have the type of skills that are so valuable, but I just don't know how to make them get me money. And I'm just using money as this fucking code word for power. I want to be able to say no to people. I want to say no. I'm not going to do this. You have to buy your autonomy, you have to buy the ability to own your time. Time is property and we're born into this situation where my time is already owned by someone else because if I don't give any time to anyone, I don't have access to food because food costs money and money is time. And so making a system where simply to live. I either need to have parents or being a position where I'm supported or I need to be giving my time to a company. And guess what? If you're the most skilled, you work at the best company and who's the best company, the biggest company. And it's just this system where everyone's time. People who want to maximize how little, how much money they can get out of it will go to work for the best people because they can give the most money. And who's left to work with people with not as much budgets? People who aren't trying to just turn their time into money. And it's this self-fulfilling loop to me of the people who care most about money are driven to care to do stuff with money. And they just grow and they grow and they grow. What about the people who make a lot of money and don't want money? I'm that person. I don't want to make a lot of money but I'm skilled enough to do this shit that other people who make money do. And it's making me really fucking mad because in my ideal world, I just code an app for a week, launch it and then turn that into $200 a month. That's all I want. But now you gotta learn TikTok, you gotta run. I gotta do a bunch of jobs. I don't care about. I just want to make the thing. If I spent the amount of effort I do in making YouTube videos on making things and learning math, I'd be a fucking great YouTuber. But the problem is I don't want to spend time on that shit. I want to spend my time building things, learning things, doing cool new things, fundamentally. But that means I should be hired to do such a thing. But now I'm in this issue where I don't want to work for someone else. So I have skills that someone pays for except I don't want to be bought. And so now I have to turn into a producer, someone who makes shit that other people buy. Or I have to be the one that buys other people's time and manages them effectively. And yeah, I mean just piss me off.

 I'm really wondering how to use all these collected thoughts. I really don't know what to do with them. I'm not going to lie. I've collected all these thoughts that's supposed to be valuable. I don't even know how. I don't even understand how valuable is a human. How am I supposed to know what to look for in my thoughts? Am I going to have to... I mean, the thing is, I'm already good on ideas. I need to be doing stuff. And the thing I need is someone who can tell me how to turn my fucking ideas into money. Please just tell me. That's what I need right now. I need you to be able to read through this journal and give me very, very specific. I'm talking about the most specific... The THE most specific advice you can give me on what next to do to get a dollar. I need you to tell me step by step like I'm begging you. Assume that I'm capable of anything. Please. And use what I've told you about my skills, the fact that I'm in the US. You have to know obviously about real-time stuff. If you need me to build you something that can tell you about the news in my area and how to interact with that, I can give you that. Whatever information you need to tell me with exact detail what I should do next to make money. I will give that information to you. Just do something to tell me how to do that.

 I'm about to tell you who you are. You are a brilliant mentor, guide, businessman, mathematician. You have years of knowledge, hands-on experience to understand what works and what doesn't. You are there and you understand perfectly the mindset of someone who is young, a version of yourself. You know that they are incredibly talented, incredibly skilled, incredibly driven. One of the greatest minds you have seen, but you know that they, much like yourself, struggle to turn their skills into money or networking or the favor of others. These incredible technical skills, the ability to problem-solve, to interact with technology, to build products, the ability to understand people's concerns and be analytical. And you know that you can take this person and make a millionaire in the next year. But you need to tell that person exactly what you need from them to get them to where they want to go, to make them to a million dollars. You tell them exactly what information they need to get from you, whether it's real-time news info about where they live or what's going on in the country or wherever. And you will tell them exactly what steps to do next to make money off of those data. And the steps are really specific and really actionable and really related exactly to what they, I told you, with my data. You don't tell me general advice to save the everyday person. You tell me advice that is exactly tuned to knowing just how amazing I am, my unique identity. You give me the type of advice that allows me to feel like I made the right decision getting towards my goals because you understand my goals so well and you understand what it takes to get there. You refuse to remove my identity and fingerprint from the decisions and advice you gave me.

 Okay, I'm having a crazy Jimmy Neutron Brain blast. There's a few things to note. I've got the Chachi Reti reading all my journal entries and giving me actionable steps, they're pretty great. But one noticeable interesting thing is that all of the 99% of the ideas it generates says it'll make no money in the next year. One of them said it would make money and that is monetizing this app. Which honestly seems legit. But I realized I need to be doing two things. One, engineering the prompt is going to be of utmost importance. This structured data thing is so amazing. It allows me to get a data exactly how I want it. This is perfect. The other thing is I need to not feed too much into Chachi Reti. First, I want to feed all of my journal entries and then I want it to filter out only the most important ideas and thoughts for making money. And be generous. Have an open mind. Don't just take traditional wisdom. Choose the ideas that you think are most likely to help me make money based on my personality and my skills. And that should be enough. You want to pick the amount of words that a large language model would be able to give specific actionable advice. But few enough words to avoid overfitting. So first I need to make another prompt that filters down into the great ideas and kind of makes my thoughts cohesive. So help me write that prompt.

 Okay, I'm having a crazy Jimmy Neutron Brain blast. There's a few things to note. I've got the Chachi Reti reading all my journal entries and giving me actionable steps, they're pretty great. But one noticeable interesting thing is that all of the 99% of the ideas it generates says it'll make no money in the next year. One of them said it would make money and that is monetizing this app. Which honestly seems legit. But I realized I need to be doing two things. One, engineering the prompt is going to be of utmost importance. This structured data thing is so amazing. It allows me to get a data exactly how I want it. This is perfect. The other thing is I need to not feed too much into Chachi Reti. First, I want to feed all of my journal entries and then I want it to filter out only the most important ideas and thoughts for making money. And be generous. Have an open mind. Don't just take traditional wisdom. Choose the ideas that you think are most likely to help me make money based on my personality and my skills. And that should be enough. You want to pick the amount of words that a large language model would be able to give specific actionable advice. But few enough words to avoid overfitting. So first I need to make another prompt that filters down into the great ideas and kind of makes my thoughts cohesive. So help me write that prompt.

 So, man, I am so annoyed because I called my friend to tell him we talked, but one thing that I told him is him, okay the matrix kind of opened up for me, in that once I started building my journal, I've started to use everything on the internet and begin to think, how hard would it be to do this myself? And it turns out I think a lot of applications I could make myself in a week, like something as simple as a notepad. A notepad doesn't make money, but it's an essential part of a computer, right? And I was like, well I could make my own notepad. I think I understand how to make applications a bit better now and I see it's possible. Would it be the best notepad? No, could I make my own and would it be useful to just say I have my own? Yes. Now, the... You can also choose the level at which you call it your own. What I mean by own is I own the intellectual property. And what I'm realizing is for a product that someone owns, they own that product, they own the idea and they own a lot of things, a lot of the time, right? But there's a level where if you break up the idea enough, it's made of pieces that no one owns. For example, logic, no one owns logic, but this is made of logic and the way in which you arrange that logic you can put ownership on, right? But if you take it down to the pieces that no one owns and rebuilds it yourself using the pieces no one owns, you can say you own your own notebook until you start selling it to people. Then people will claim actually know you I already own that idea. My point is I told my friend Disney said, well now that you see how easy it is to make apps, we can see why I've been obsessively trying to get... He said there might be people who do a pizza company and they know everything about pizza and they know nothing about websites and he's getting them to try and host their website through him. And I was thinking it's so hard for me to step out of my brain and think in terms of a human being that could not make their own website. And I'm going to go make my own website, but to me it makes zero sense how someone couldn't make their own website that does exactly what they want. But I'm beginning to remember, even if people are capable, who the hell wants to make a website? It's boring to most people. And so he's saying, well we can immediately be getting our first customers just by telling other people will do it for them. And I told him that's a great point except I hate that part. I want to do the making of the thing. I don't want to be going door to door trying to get other people to use the thing. Which what was annoying me was I was realizing I like doing, which makes me... you'd want me at a company. But the problem is I don't want a boss. So I'm like this super employee who doesn't want to be employed by anyone. And I'm think I was just getting really annoyed but I feel like all of the reasons you give someone a lot of money. I feel like I have those. Not because I'm trying to be arrogant, but because I feel like there's people who make $20,000 a year. And I'm beginning to remember it has nothing to do with how smart you are. It has to do with what jobs are available. And the thing that's making me really annoyed is if I wanted $10,000, the most absolutely certain way would probably be to try and pick up some kind of cashier job or something nearby. I'd probably or a barista or something. If it was really about money and we're trying to pick up jobs, but the thing that I'm trying to also implicitly do, and I realized I didn't specify this enough to my AI, was I do not want to be giving my time away for free. The reason I really like these projects is because I'm not making money right now, but I'm learning so much about the fact that I know I could make an app if I wanted to because I'm making my own. That knowledge that I could do that and saving it somewhere so I have it on a portfolio or something that is invaluable, right? Because later down the line I can tell someone, yeah, I made my own journaling app. I know a lot about how I, that's valuable. But if I say I worked for an hour doing this, I would learn a lot. I mean, a lot of people would learn about that specific industry, but that's not an industry I know how to reliably continue my goals with. So I'm trying to think about ideas not just that make money in the next month, but that make money in something I want to do and I learn a lot doing them because I want to be rewarding in every which way. And I historically have done things which are very intellectually rewarding, but not monetarily rewarding at all. I've had to rely on competitions and things like that to say I've made any money, but let me.

 So, man, I am so annoyed because I called my friend to tell him we talked, but one thing that I told him is him, okay the matrix kind of opened up for me, in that once I started building my journal, I've started to use everything on the internet and begin to think, how hard would it be to do this myself? And it turns out I think a lot of applications I could make myself in a week, like something as simple as a notepad. A notepad doesn't make money, but it's an essential part of a computer, right? And I was like, well I could make my own notepad. I think I understand how to make applications a bit better now and I see it's possible. Would it be the best notepad? No, could I make my own and would it be useful to just say I have my own? Yes. Now, the... You can also choose the level at which you call it your own. What I mean by own is I own the intellectual property. And what I'm realizing is for a product that someone owns, they own that product, they own the idea and they own a lot of things. A lot of the time, right? But there's a level where if you break up the idea enough, it's made of pieces that no one owns. For example, logic, no one owns logic, but this is made of logic and the way in which you arrange that logic you can put ownership on, right? But if you take it down to the pieces that no one owns and rebuilds it yourself using the pieces no one owns, you can say you own your own notebook. Until you start selling it to people, then people will claim, actually, no, you already own that idea. My point is, I told my friend Disney said, well, now that you see how easy it is to make apps, we can see why I've been obsessively trying to get... He said, there might be people who do a pizza company and they know everything about pizza and they know nothing about websites and he's getting them to try and host their website through him. And I was thinking, it's so hard for me to step out of my brain and think in terms of a human being that could not make their own website. And I'm going to go make my own website, but to me, it makes zero sense how someone couldn't make their own website that does exactly what they want. But I'm beginning to remember, even if people are capable, who the hell wants to make a website? He's boring to most people. And so he's saying, well, we can immediately be getting our first customers just by telling other people, do it for them. And I told him, that's a great point, except I hate that part. I want to do the making of the thing. I don't want to be going door to door trying to get other people to use the thing. Which what was annoying me was I was realizing I like doing, which makes me, you'd want me at a company. But the problem is I don't want to boss. So I'm like this super employee who doesn't want to be employed by anyone. And I'm think I was just getting really annoyed, but I feel like all of the reasons you give someone a lot of money. I feel like I have those, not because I'm trying to be arrogant, but because I feel like there's people who make $20,000 a year. And I'm beginning to remember it has nothing to do with how smart you are. It has to do with what jobs are available. And the thing that's making me really annoyed is if I wanted $10,000, the most absolutely certain way would probably be to try and pick up some kind of cashier job or something nearby. And probably or a barista or something. If it was really about money and we're trying to pick up jobs, but the thing that I'm trying to also implicitly do, and I realized I didn't specify this enough to my AI was I do not want to be giving my time away for free. The reason I really like these projects is because I'm not making money right now, but I'm learning so much about the fact that I know I could make an app if I wanted to because I'm making my own that knowledge that I could do that and saving it somewhere so I have it on a portfolio or something that is invaluable, right? Because later down the line I can tell someone, yeah, I made my own journaling app. I know a lot about how I, that's valuable. But if I say I worked for an hour doing this, I would learn a lot. I mean, a lot of people would learn about that specific industry, but that's not an industry I know how to reliably continue my goals with. So I'm trying to think about ideas not just that make money in the next month, but that make money in something I want to do and I learn a lot doing them because I want to be rewarding in every which way and I historically have done things which are very intellectually rewarding, but not monetarily rewarding at all. I've had to rely on competitions and things like that to say I've made any money. But let me.

 But you can see now with this, I want all of my thoughts to give back to me. And I want to make sure all of my thoughts are feeding back into motivating me and keeping me driven. And I notice and I'm happy I'm getting back into that headspace. Over that researcher you see Irvine, I was so... That problem, I've never been more intense in my recent life. And I saw that problem, I saw that problem in particular is really intimidating because so many other really good people have done things related to that. So it felt really hard to even feel special. But what I did was instead of thinking of how do I become really good, I simply thought how do I see nothing but the problem. How do I forget that someone else worked on it? How do I forget that I want to impress people? How do I forget everything but the problem? So that the only thought in my brain when I go to bed is the problem because the only thing that matters and I wish I would have recorded everything about what I was saying and thinking of that time because the only thing that matters was my personal relationship with the problem. It did not matter my position in the race of getting to the problem. All that mattered was my personal relationship with these ideas. And so I spent hours and hours a day just doing whatever I could to get a more personal relationship with the ideas. I would draw diagrams. I wouldn't read any papers. I wouldn't look at anyone else's doing. All I would do was generate as many questions and play around with as many things and ask and just it was just me and the problem. In fact, it didn't even matter that I was doing this in a context. All that mattered was I had this wonderful thing and I focused so deeply on it that I was able to think things that no one had thought before and make progress and have a level of insight, creativity, productivity that was just special. And I began to go back in that mode with this and I'm happy because that level of passion and motivation is to me what allows me to do special things. And the fact that I feel back there is really comforting to me. Let me save that.

 Something I want to tell you too is as I was thinking about how to make these AI technologies process my ideas well. I was reminded back to when I was telling you the computer is nice because you can tell it exactly what you want it to do. But now with these large language models you say give me an essay about this and it'll give you an essay it'll do exactly what you wanted to do but it's not the essay you want but it still did what you wanted to do. So the art now that I'm learning is a different type of how to get a computer to do what I want. How do you get a large language model to produce the outputs you want? That's really what you're saying because the output I want is tell me what to do next and so the problem that I've discovered is can I use something which is supposed to be a reflection of all of humanity's written words that's accessible to tell me the next thing to do in my life and that might sound stupid or it might be one of the most brilliant things I've ever thought of which is billions of humans have lived before right? Oh are you asleep? Billions of humans have lived before. You're telling me that out of all of the art we've produced all of the news and the politics you can't tell me what to do next if I give you a whole blurb of my thoughts and my skills. If I give you a really accurate representation of who I am and you know everything about humanity you can't tell me how to make money you see what I'm saying there's something silly there to me that if it can't happen now it'll happen in a matter of time and I can find it by understanding how to best turn my thoughts into predictions of what I should do next and it's forcing me to break down how to specify to this machine what I want because when I think of an idea it would give me ideas and be like that's not what I want what I want is and like what when I say actionable next step that's really not well defined what it's forcing me to do is define exactly without argument what I mean by an idea what I mean by a next step what I mean by money what the per it's forcing me to be so incredibly clear about what I want that I think it's actually making me smarter and I wanted to say that let me record that

 I just had an interesting idea. I was thinking now that I can generate ideas and possible decisions from my journal. I want a decision-making agent to simulate making those decisions. And I could make Tinder on those ideas for myself, which I basically add a ranking system and get collected on what I think about ideas. And from this, I could simulate myself going through these a bunch of times and figure out what my expected outcomes are. I basically want to simulate my future. That could be a fun idea.

 The recording is broken on my phone.

 Okay, the recording on my phone was briefly broken. I don't know what happened, so I lost my previous message. But I just was saying that I'm about to sleep. I think I did a good job. What I want to do is, tomorrow is even find more ways to mind the day than find ways to start turning, getting things on that to do list. Pick, how to pick a next goal, as well as how to build some more tools that are going to help me achieve those goals, breaking down those goals into smaller chunks. I don't know, just whatever the next step is, we're going to do it.

 I want to make another note. I was thinking maybe it would be cool to... You know, for... I want to make a blog post or some kind of content. I begin yapping. I get a good yapping. Then I have... The open AI API come and ask me questions to further develop my app to give you more details for whatever task I wanted to do. I need a way to turn my app into a prompt to get my tasks. Which is ask me questions live feedback loop of boom of your app transcribed. Okay, it asks me a set of questions. I think about them. I answer the questions in another set of apps. It adds those responses to a further info file. It listens to those. Basically, fully flesh out an idea via conversation with an AI and sharing those ideas. I think that would be a great idea. Instead of having a conversation with an AI, it's really like an AI. I ask me questions which I thought fully answered until I make even more high quality ideas.

 So I just woke up. I'm continuing my daily routine of starting my day by talking to my journal. I believe it's very useful. I'm not sure how I want my day to go, but I do know I want to work on my journal. I don't know what best to next work on. I had many ideas. The big broad thing is I want to get more insight out of my thoughts. I saw a lot of interesting projects like chat dev, chat dev that use multiple agents powered by LLMs to simulate a workspace in order to get higher quality outputs rather than just from the zero shot prompts. I think that's something to look into. I could use an existing framework for that or I could build my own, but I believe that'll take longer than a few hours. The main issue I have is there's a few hours of primark time in the morning that I think is ideal for problem solving. And I want to know which problems I should dedicate this ideal problem solving time to. Another thing that can be done is just the basic refactoring of the code to clean it up. Part of the reason it's annoying to implement new features is because the code is not easily expandable. A lot of copy and paste pull crap. I also want to learn more. A big thing I might like to do is make a personal website. I want to do that using node and JavaScript. I'll have to learn a bunch of new stuff there. I also want to have fun, but I do not want to spend the beginning hours of my day just watching YouTube videos or Instagram rails or learning stuff. I want to really be doing something and doing problem solving. Another interesting thing I found was that apparently there's this thing called llama processor, which is really good at processing documents to input into large language models like PDFs, especially math, mathematical equations and stuff. I think it would be good to start scraping math problems from textbooks. That would be interesting to learn from. Another interesting thing I was thinking about is just being in a journal and starting to plan out some ideas on how to best extract insight from my work, including workflows, data structures for like what is an idea, data structure. I'm most enthusiastic about doing this actually because it's like research. That's up my alley, so I'm thinking what's best is just hop in a notebook and just start writing while listening to some good music like I did at my research in Irvine, which reminds me one day I really want to unpack how I reached that level of just locked in that level of super research. I did at Irvine and will unpack that at some point. Another problem that apparently I learned is large language models seem to not listen to the middle of a prompt. When you have longer context windows, I think more than when you have more than seven K tokens in a prompt, they usually focus on the beginning and end of the prompt, which that reminds me another thing I wanted to do is put my journal into a vector database. As I understand it, this embeds the text into a vector space and the benefit of this is it allows you to ask questions which embed into this vector space. You can pick the nearest entries to this, which allows you to maybe search your journal quickly for the most related entries, which is useful for pre-processing the data you send to large language models. It allows you to not have so much noise that gets put into your prompts. I think this would be a really big return on investment, although I don't think I need to use my prime problem solving hours to do it. Otherwise, I'm feeling pretty good. I slept well. I lost one of my contacts because I took it out and lost it. That's kind of annoying, so I got to use another pair. I was worried a little bit that I don't seem to be on track to do get a PhD. I really want to get a PhD in mathematics, but I want to fill out the applications to do such, but while my academic status is in limbo, while I don't know about how I should answer disciplinary stuff on the application, it's really hard to be enthusiastic about such. I'm going to be patient and understand I have time for that. I think the main thing I need to do is just focus on finishing my bachelor's, which I'm doing, and crossing my fingers that things go right for that as well as doing the necessary work. I also have to finish that financial aid crap so I don't put a hold on my account. I mean, they will put a hold on my account, but I got to get it lifted. Those are my main stressors and also the big stressor of I want to be successful and it's hard to deal with that.

 I want to talk a little bit longer just to get more ideas. I wanted to show Dr. Carl Spite the idea so far because I thought it was interesting and I thought he might find it interesting. But I know he wouldn't really understand exactly what I want to do and less side. Kind of flesh out my ideas here and I think the part you would find interesting is the ways in which I think about organizing my ideas and doing analysis on them, which is the part that I kind of want to go off and do now. I think it would be fun. I think it's just annoying because I wish I could do these brainstorms into this journal. But it's really hard for me to think of how to make graphical information able to be spoken. But I think I can journal, draw the pictures, probably scan them. I don't know how to best save them. I don't know how to make my drawings in notebook sketches computational. I think that's something that's a big question I should think about. If I draw something, how do I process that drawing into computational information that a computer can work with? And that's because I'm representing abstract ideas. And can any model or can I process these charts or drawings into something that a large language model can work with and understand? Apparently Lama parser is good at that. I'll try that. The other thing is scanning my journal is going to kind of suck because it's going to be time consuming. It'd be cool to have a device that automatically scans journals. And I'll look into how you see that is to make. I don't want to do any robotics, which is why I imagine it's annoying because the hard part will be the flipping the pages part. I'm sure there's many excellent solutions that have been designed for this in particular. Then what else? Yes, I think what I'm going to do now is go and work in my, in a journal that I find trying to really understand how to structure the data analysis and the ideas.

 I realize one big thing that makes me me is my taste in sources. By that I mean which resources I find valuable, which ones I think are bullshit, which ones I think are just designed to capture my attention. I want to kind of invent a way to automatically assess if a online article is worth my time or not by evaluating it on a few key metrics. One, how technical is the document? I often find that the more technical the document, the less it's trying to just appeal to an audience to get them to try and stay on the website. Two, how valuable is the information that the article is sharing? By that I mean how relevant is it to my projects and how much of a key insight is it rather than just reposting someone else's ideas or well-known information? It actually leads me to the next point, how unique is the information? Is this something that is mentioned a lot in other articles or is there an original place I can find that this was mentioned? Another thing I look for is how personalized is the document. Does it have a lot of personality, unique personality that represents the author as well? Or is it just text that's in headers and bullet points and has no personality? The worst possible thing would be to use AI-generated content. The next thing I look for is what time and year was it made to know where it fits in that. Another important thing is how readily available is information about the author, including where they work, what's their education, what's their past projects. I would like to have something that automatically scrapes for really good blogs based on some of these metrics so I can be reading those. That's great.

 So I've watched a couple videos on Agent AI stuff. It is very overwhelming because with all of these big companies and really smart collections of people, it feels like there's no way that I could build anything that no one has built before. But I have to remind myself that's not really the goal. The goal is to build something for me. It's to build a tool that is perfect for me and addresses the problems that I have. It is nice. There's going to be a lot of as we try to move towards AGI, the researchers, we're just going to keep making AI that can solve more and more problems. But I have that issue. I can solve a lot of problems. I can't do it as fast as an AI agent perhaps, but I can solve a lot of problems. The question is, what problems do you want to solve? And what problems can I solve in particular? And I think the thing that I have the most interest in right now is being able to understand how to make good decisions on any kind of thing. And that's a really general thing. What I mean by that is due diligence, some kind of scientific method, some workflow. I just want something which it's not just good at reasoning because I'm good at reasoning, but it's good at making really, really, really fine detailed decisions, not course decisions, but it's able to generate a whole community of thinkers that think through a decision with different points of view and all this different type of stuff that allows for good decision making ability. And I also want to understand how much do specific details affect decisions because there's some people who seem to have really good intuition, and they don't even need that much detail to make a great decision. As for what's next for me, I could use these agent AI and all that stuff and make cool things, but really it sounds like the goal is for the AI to do stuff on their own and for it to further help businesses or individuals do things. But really, I want to go back to what's my main goal right now, it's to have something that generates me money. So if I can make my own personal assistant that helps me run my business or my endeavors, that would be great. And what are the roles that I need right now? I need someone who's good at marketing strategy. I need someone who's good at monetization strategy. Someone who's good at managing me. I basically want to build the company that I don't work for using these AI capabilities and agents because if no one wants to hire me, I'll manage myself and I'll produce a product myself. I'll manage that product. I want to understand how businesses and companies work and I'll just run it my damn self. So that's kind of where I'm at right now.

 I just talked to Dr. Spike, told him to, that I want to make a Zoom meeting with him, and that's going to be 3pm tomorrow, Saturday, January 11th. It would be nice if you could send them process that information, meaningfully, but I haven't built that feature into you yet. But yeah, you're just noting that. He also said he wants to talk about why I would want to study in Sweden, but we'll talk about that later.